README.md, before:

> ⓘ INFO: The STACKIT Python SDK is in beta and in active development.


# STACKIT Python SDK Core

## Introduction

The STACKIT Python core package consists of core functionality which is needed
to use the [STACKIT Python SDK](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python).

## Compilation and Installation

You can install this package by running the following command from the root of the this repository:
```bash
make install
```

### Development Mode

When developing, you can use a feature of `pip` called _Editable Installs_,
which installs the local files like a package so you can test features without
reinstalling the package every time.
This package also defines additional depencies for development, like testing and linting.
It requires `poetry` to be installed.

Execute the following in the root folder of this repository:

```bash
make install-dev
```

## Usage

The core package does nothing on its own and must be used in conjunction with
the [STACKIT Python SDK](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python).

Commit message:

Adds link to poetry and installation guide

README.md, after:

> ⓘ INFO: The STACKIT Python SDK is in beta and in active development.


# STACKIT Python SDK Core

## Introduction

The STACKIT Python core package consists of core functionality which is needed
to use the [STACKIT Python SDK](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python).

## Compilation and Installation

You can install this package by running the following command from the root of the this repository:
```bash
make install
```

### Development Mode

When developing, you can use a feature of `pip` called _Editable Installs_,
which installs the local files like a package so you can test features without
reinstalling the package every time.
This package also defines additional depencies for development, like testing and linting.
It requires [`poetry`](https://python-poetry.org/) to be installed. An installation guide can be found [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).

After installing `poetry` execute the following in the root folder of this repository:

```bash
make install-dev
```

## Usage

The core package does nothing on its own and must be used in conjunction with
the [STACKIT Python SDK](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python).
